Requirement Analysis: 
    Discussion with customer/stake-holders to find what the requirements of the project are.
    During this step, we find what is the expectation and dependencies to call the project a success. 
    A cost and time-requirement assesment is also done to determine feasibility of continuing this project.
    This info is stored in an SRS(Software Requirement Specification) document.

Design:
    Developer/Architect creates DSD(Design Specification Document) that includes actual hardware/software requirements to create/continue the project.
    This will include specifics such as back end database requirements and any 3rd-party needs.
    They will also review these specifications with the customer/client so that any type of possible risks or budget/time-constraints are brought to light.
    This starts with a High level design where the overall architecture is shown.
    Senior developers will then create a low level document explaining the individual features and components of the product and how they interact to complete the desired prioject.
    This design needs to be approved by the client/customer prior to continuing.

Coding:
    Developers now take time to work on the actual coding of features based on the previously created requirement documentation.
    Unit testing is also completed to confirm these individual code pieces work individually to complete each piece's function.
    A build in created and handed off to testers.

Testing:
    A build with multiple features is received and the testers will confirm pieces can work together to complete the client/customer end-goal.
    Bugs are identified during this phase and provided to the developers to correct and resubmit to testers.
    This cycle continues until the test team determines the product feels ready to ship.

Development & Maintenance:
    Customer receives the product for end users to be interacting with the final product.
    The end users may find other issues and can submit bugs to the production team.
    This team will maintain bug fixing and re-release of product for customers to continue using the corrected product.




z